Where is this witness?
My name is Peter Russell, and I can prove that Caroline has committed no crimes.
What evidence do you have?
Victor and Elena have threatened me and my mother to sabotage Caroline in the evaluation meetings.
And I overheard Elena plotting to frame Caroline, and I have her home recording.
What is this? This is A.I. This is fate. Plus, he's a criminal. He can't be trusted.
All videos presented in this court are original. I have been tested for authenticity.
I hereby declare the defendant is not guilty, release her.
What?
Caroline, go to hell.
Ben.
Uncle Ben, see you on heaven.
It's assured.
Your death will not be in vain.
We punish them.
With the law.
Leo has already broken through the core problem, A.I.
It's time to let Victor taste the pain of losing everything.
The life-sensing should be done in about a week.
One second.
It's the matter. Why do you feel so plustered?
John has enlisted the help of a master's in mathematical algorithms who has already broken through to the key research and development of our visual intelligence.
I mean, our stock price has implemented to the critical point, and he's already here with the authorities to investigate the company.
Oh my God, I thought it was something serious. I already transferred all the funds.
They won't be able to find anything.
Well, they also found evidence of you murdering an employee to embezzle that project fund years ago.
Uh, yeah, I'll call you right back.
Boss, you should flee now.
Did you do what I told you?
The doctors may pay. I mean, the files are ready.
I must have gotten wind of it and fled early.
He'll be caught soon.
Hey Doc, do we have it?
This is all I can do for you.
They find out.
Like I lose my job.
He's not here.
What happened?
Victor is taking Leo.
What?
Don't worry.
I'll get him back.
I'm coming with you.
It's here.
Let's do this.
Victor, take it out on me. Don't hurt Leo.
Yeah.
Make sense because we're a little kid.
Even Elena likes you.
Why?
Victor!
Calm down.
Just talk this through.
You know I'm going back.
So you make my life miserable.
Slide turn to make yours miserable.
You're going to lose everything.
You think she's exploited?
Victor!
Victor, do you want the CEO position to STM?
If you put down the gun, I will step down.
Stop.
Get lying to me!
You think I'm going to believe your lies?
I might give you two choices.
Shut up!
Ethan!
You'll kill Carmine.
Or I'm going to kill your son.
You only can't save one.
What are you saying?
My kid?
You didn't know Leo's your son?
How fucking pathetic is that?
Carmine, is this true?
Is he really my son?
No, you're meant to see two, haven't you?
All right, and it doesn't feel good, does it?
To be the one who's the fool, now does it?
Yes!
We always...
You said you won't make a choice.
I'll make a pro, yeah.
He's lucky.
If I hadn't asked for revenge, none of this would have happened.
You can't blame yourself.
You blame Victor.
Who's the family of the patient?
I am.
The patient's in critical condition and needs a family member's signature immediately.
I'll sign.
Do our best.
You're able to remove the bullet from the patient.
Hey, then move the patient over.
Thank you, doctor.
You wake up soon.
Leo can't be...
John.
Oh, Leo.
Leo's okay.
He's a little bit scared, but it's nothing serious.
I want to get you, Leo.
Would you like that?
John!
I have fantastic news.
It's the paternity paper.
Who?
He was your son?
Oh, could you not tell me something so important?
I just found out myself, Mom.
Leo, let's give them some space, okay?
Right?
Since you now have a son, why not propose to his mother?
I was going to propose until you barged in.
Oh!
Carry on!
I'll take care of John for the night.
You still haven't answered my question from earlier.
Why?
You can see, Leo, all you want.
That's your right.
Do I do something wrong?
If I did, just tell me that I can change.
There are some things I can forget.
But there are others that I can never leave.
Leo, this is an adult conversation.
Mommy can handle this.
Grandma will take you back home.
Rebecca, do you mind taking Leo back?
I need to have a serious talk with John.
And years ago, I left for two reasons.
The first reason was that I mistook your mother
as the murderer of my parents and the other reason.
Why wouldn't you want to marry me?
Your mother told me that Elena was your fiance.
I saw you and Elena in the bedroom together.
I knew you had feelings for her.
I've never slept with Elena. I've only ever been with you.
But I saw the man in the bedroom. It was clearly you.
I was planning your proposal at that time.
See?
You must have seen Victor. He likes to impersonate me.
But in the sense of beginning, I always thought it was you.
So...
Mom, just say yes.